You can find my website [here](https://hjo6.github.io/website-portfolio-2020fall/). This is the README for both the source code and the website itself, as I feel both can fit within this document without missing any details. First, I would like to confess to being a bad student; yes, I completely forgot for almost this entire project to take screenshots of my progress and to update the README with each draft. In my defense, my website did not go through many changes from start to finish; a lot of what you see is what I originally had for the design. The homepage was the first part of the website to be complete, and the only changes that happened between the first draft submission to now is adding a link to this README in the about section and consolidating the School and Personal Projects buttons into a single "Projects" button.

In this repository, you'll find the code and assets for my website, as well as some tutorials I had finished along the way to completing the site. The homepage, called index.html, is the first page you land on when visiting the site. The HTML doc is very minimal; I divided the site into header, body, and footer content, with really no additional functionality or interesting pieces of code to note. In the header, you can find the Welcome banner; if you view it on the website, you will see it is simply a box with "Welcome" displayed at the top of the page. Next is the body, which houses a box with a photo of me and my girlfriend and information about the website. Finally, at the bottom of the page is the footer, which serves as the home for the website "directory." I put <div> elements inside of <a> elements to make the entire box/div clickable; this makes it so you don't have to click the text specifically, but anywhere within the box to load the next page. It should be noted that the footer only changes its content between the different pages; for example, since we are on the homepage, we don't need a homepage button. This applies through each of the pages.

Next in line will be the Influences page. This is the page where things get more complex, and therefore more interesting. The page is divided the same way as the homepage (header, body, footer), but this time, there are tabs to choose in the body! It's a pretty simple operation, I implemented a JavaScript function called openTab(evnt, tabName) which will display the content of whichever tab the user clicks on. It waits for one of the tabs to be clicked, and then the tab passes its name to the function, and the function displays the content. For the Family and Friends tabs, I used a basic design with a description of each with photos to match. As for the U2 and Radiohead tabs, quite a bit is happening. First, to get the title, lyrics, and button to display properly, I had to group them all into a div called quote and use floats. Whenever either of these tabs are clicked, along with openTab() being called, another function called getQuote(id) is called to choose a random lyric to display. It basically checks the id that is passed to it to determine which band's lyrics should be displayed, then it randomly selects one of the lyrics from an array I created. The function actually inspired me to add a button that allowed the user to choose to randomize the lyrics; I just figured that it would be nice to get to see all of the lyrics I had chosen to add to each array.

Going in order of creation, the next page to discuss is the Experiences page. The experiences page was designed in the same style as the influences page, so there's not much to talk about the code. For this page, I decided to use the same layout as the influences page because the material was similar enough to justify the pages being similar as well. Each tab describes a different "experience" I have had or been a part of. There's not much else to say other than that I would love to expand on everything I've written for these pages, and find even more photos to share.

Finally, I will talk about the Projects page. My original idea was to have the projects page split into 2 separate pages: School Projects and Personal Projects. Admittedly, I don't know that there was much material for either section to justify an entire page for each, although I think if I took more time to look for school projects, I could make it work. This webpage sees a slight departure from the design of the influences and experiences pages. Instead of using a tab system for navigating the different sections and content, I decided to do something a little bit different. I originally wanted to use a horizontal and vertical tab system, but with the time constraint, I couldn't get it to function properly. So I then decided to stick to doing something different and went with using dropdown menus to choose which content to display. To implement the dropdown, I simply created a <div> class called dropdown which housed the button that would function as the dropdown menu, and the different links that would be included in the dropdown menu. At its current state, there are 2 dropdown menus: School and Music. I was able to take a bit of a shortcut by displaying the content the same way I displayed the content using the tab system. An issue that arose from this is that when audio plays on one "tab," it will continue playing until it either finishes or the user goes back to the tab the song is on to pause it. The only other thing of note on this page is the Spotify link in one of the tabs; I wanted to host the entire song on the page, but Spotify only allows a 30 second preview. While I have an earlier version of the complete song, I wouldn't feel comfortable hosting it without providing a link to a streaming service. 
